[Music]
what I lack and senior blah I don't even
know why I bother to come I shouldn't
stay home and the most beautiful
redheaded vixen I ever beheld scary that
very moment our destiny would somehow be
intertwined turning self-interest
if only I could help you for my date
tonight destro managed to give himself a
set of ladies to date right sure anyway
they are no match for you hey Scarlett
come Judaism bazooka road blocking some
of the gang a tape in the Nerd Herd to
the lockers in the hall Oh No yes'm No
get them off the lockers oh this is
preposterous geez I'm hanging out with
those one of breasts GI Joe chumps never
get a chance to meet him need to soothe
my soul with the only thing that brings
me comfort pigs in a blanket oh how I am
suffering piglets wrapped in a puff
pastry death shroud ha ha no what's the
use simple low-budget snack isn't going
to help me get any closer to the one I
love the one you love
trouble with lending a lady friend Cobra
Commander well uh wait a sec I've never
seen either of you with any lady friends
oh hush hush Cobra Commander
we're not shared components we're here
to get you a date don't we brother Cobra
Commander
how do you feel about dancing or rather
a snake charming dance I have it well
then follow us we have much to show you
[Music]
yes to say are you ready
Cobra Commander well loser a little
shaky here tied around my peculiar
weight I was born ready with the
diffraction are these planets and all
these wonderful things up high
it's giggling you hey everybody guess
what it's time for the prom king and
queen oh yes oh yes oh yes the chick
with the most votes for prom queen is a
it's your favorite strawberry pie
scarlet doesn't make you moments in
total okay and now the dude taking home
the crown and Miss strawberry pie wills
[Music]
no no but me duck I think that's about
enough out of you but wait let me go and
take dance with scarlet in the prom king
and queen ceremonies throw this jerk out
of here and use his head to open the
door
better yet let's give him poop dick duty
with shipwreck wow that poop deck now
buddy baby it's so hot it's so hot my
body yeah what the squeeze my body
squeeze it touch it hey that's my back
[Music]